[Music] There was
a time when it was very easy to meet people, we used to get
insulted but
what has happened with time, that time has taught us an important
lesson that security is more
important,
this shield of security is not in everyone's destiny,
thanks to all of you we
solved this problem by saying a small Namaste,
well, you uploaded a photo of yours
with your hand stagnant, at the same time
ICICI Lombard
wants a health tip to reach someone in need, in which those eyes were
definitely loved at the right time and
hope of security to many needy people,
ICICI Lombard's initiative Fast
Test Rice said that show happiness in someone's life, make a
typist write today